Update to observability docs for OTEL (#2876)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/monitoring/metrics/metrics-overview.md

---
type: docs
title: "Configure metrics"
linkTitle: "Configure metrics"
weight: 4000
description: "Enable or disable Dapr metrics "
---

> By default, each Dapr system process emits Go runtime/process metrics and have their own [Dapr metrics](https://github.com/dapr/dapr/blob/master/docs/development/dapr-metrics.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, each Dapr system process emits Go runtime/process metrics and has their own [Dapr metrics](https://github.com/dapr/dapr/blob/master/docs/development/dapr-metrics.md).
```

        imagePullPolicy: Always
```

## Configuring metrics using application configuration

> You can also enable metrics via applicatin configuration. To disable the metrics collection in the Dapr side cars running in a specific namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable metrics via application configuration. To disable the metrics collection in the Dapr sidecars running in a specific namespace:
```
